distribution/examples/validation/soap-Proxy/README.md, before:

### SOAP Message Validation

To run this example execute the following steps

#### PREREQUISITES:

- Install Curl from http://curl.haxx.se/download.html , if you have not done so already. Let us assume it is in your PATH.

As the URL of a WSDL is specified in proxies.xml, the Service Proxy retrieves all corresponding schemas and tries to validate the message body using them.

As a SOAP-Proxy is a specialized version of `the ServiceProxy`, a SOAP-Proxy has a certain advantage if it is used for a SOAP Service. A SOAP-Proxy needs the WSDL's URL just once. Adding a Validator then needs less code, as you can see in the example below:

```
<soapProxy port="2000" wsdl="http://www.thomas-bayer.com/axis2/services/BLZService?wsdl">
  <validator />
</soapProxy>
```

Execute the following steps:

1. Go to `examples/validation/soap-Proxy`

2. Start `service-proxy.bat` or `service-proxy.sh`

3. Navigate into the `soap-Proxy` folder and run the following command on the console. Observe a successful response.

```
curl --header "Content-Type: application/soap+xml" -d @blz-soap.xml http://localhost:2000/axis2/services/BLZService/getBankResponse
```
4. Run the following command in the same directory and observe that verification fails.
```
curl --header "Content-Type: application/soap+xml" -d @invalid-blz-soap.xml http://localhost:2000/axis2/services/BLZService/getBankResponse
```

---
See:
- [validator](https://membrane-soa.org/api-gateway-doc/current/configuration/reference/validator.htm) reference

Commit message:

Validation example rewrite (#670)
* Added missing readme for the validation/form sample

* Minor changes to the validation/form sample reamde

* Updated the JSON schema validation readme and proxies xml

* Updated the JSON schema validation readme and proxies xml

* Updated the JSON schema validation readme and proxies xml

* Updated the JSON schema validation readme

* Updated the soap validation readme

* Minute change in formatting in the json schema validation readme

* Minute change in formatting in the soap validation readme

* Updated the XML schema validation readme and proxies xml

* Rephrasing in the soap validation readme

distribution/examples/validation/soap-Proxy/README.md, after:

# Validation - SOAP

This sample explains how to set up and use the `validator` plugin within a `soapProxy` component.


## Running the Example

1. Go to `<membrane-root>/examples/validation/soap-Proxy`


2. Start `service-proxy.bat` or `service-proxy.sh`


3. Run the following command, observe a successful response:  
    `curl --header "Content-Type: application/soap+xml" -d @blz-soap.xml http://localhost:2000/axis2/services/BLZService/getBankResponse`


4. Run this next command and observe that verification fails:  
    `curl --header "Content-Type: application/soap+xml" -d @invalid-blz-soap.xml http://localhost:2000/axis2/services/BLZService/getBankResponse`

## How it is done

Let's examine the `proxies.xml` file.

```xml
<router>
  <soapProxy port="2000" wsdl="http://www.thomas-bayer.com/axis2/services/BLZService?wsdl">
    <validator />
  </soapProxy>
</router>
```

We define a `<soapProxy>` component running on port 2000, which is an expanded version of the basic `<api>` and `<serviceProxy>` components, capable of storing a WSDL manifest.
Now we simply put a `<validator />` component withing the `<soapProxy>`, without any attributes, as it inherits the WSDL from the proxy component.

---
See:
- [validator](https://membrane-soa.org/api-gateway-doc/current/configuration/reference/validator.htm) reference
